this is larry he just wants a friend
[Music]
how's his communication been going poor
guy still doesn't have any friends
the answer is eight how come oliver
still gets to use his phone in class
he's autistic dude
i just want to be your friend
there's nobody but your mom and your dad
do you know how your nightmares aren't
real
neither are ghosts or ghouls
what are you staring at hey what's this
is larry he isn't from the world you
know
larry just wants a friend
maybe we should stop reading will you be
larry's friend
he just wants a friend hello
this thing wants our son a friend
he just wants a friend stay away from my
son
did you turn it on finished
he just wants a friend right
[Music]
[Applause]
hey